what can we think of today because of
that they have televisions in the
maternity
on the one hand I do not know of
maternity where he no television in
the rooms of patients who are going
give birth or who have just given birth
so it's a problem in itself that we
indicates that everything is happening as if
it was normal now that has a
TV in the room at the hospital
finally it's true that we can understand
only in the room of a senior
or there is television because risk
bored all the time in that
the hospital but when it comes to a
someone who has just had a baby
we can not think that it did not
influenced on what will unfold
after I discuss regularly and
pediatricians in different circumstances
and I realize that for
pediatricians who pass through the
maternities examine the baby the same day
of the birth of this baby 15 years ago
and at 10 years old it is very often that he
asked the mom too we could
turn off the television to examine the
baby the first day of his life and so
the moms totally agreed
there was no problem these
last years pediatricians do not
tells that moms often ask
that the pediatrician spends another moment
when the missions they are in
watching will be over then he
it's not about turning that into judgment
moral is not to say that it is
good or bad it's all about
question of what can be
influence it from those in this media
particular about what will happen in
the interaction between a baby and his mother
and his dad who also comes to watch the
television in the bedroom of the
maternity in its development
so I think it's very
interesting to think from the
quality of interactions between a baby
and his mom
a baby that has just been born it is put
within
in the east in the minutes that follow
for this famous welcome tt and
and then he'll be there often in
his cradle and then in the arms of his
mum
but as soon as they wake up this baby is
will offer him the saint and press
the baby monkey will watch he will dive
in the look of his mom so what
is happening with respect to this television
it is if the look of his mom in
which in which he must dive he
must he can dive to meet
the humanity of his mother from the first
day of his life and that in fact his mom has
eyes turned towards this very object
attractive than television well
maybe this baby there he will land
the question
his way to him or is he the
moments look there there is a whole
very interesting concept that we study in
general later in the development
of the child she that of the tension
joint
we spoke at 18 months of the importance that
a baby can direct his attention to
something he intrigues who
interest him for which he is curious
and that they converge towards this
object the look of his mom and dad
this is called attention
together an object and that allows the
funds to prepare this baby any
importance after dialogue around
this object this object does not trigger a
emotion and what do you think
firmly that the sherpas not that but
we did not ask ourselves the question
so much to know the joint tension
if it did not start much sooner
that in life
so probably it starts
much earlier in other words
and that maybe this interesting to himself
ask what effect
ten tractors the television comes to play
in this very complex circuit of
the interrelation of a baby and his mother
the day of his birth and in the
days that follow and at that moment I
believe we can ask ourselves the question
to know how the mom she the
whether or not the TV is
lit in his room it will lead
at her house something that is
a kind of attraction maybe despite
she towards this very attractive object
what is television
and it will necessarily be to the detriment
of the tension she must bring to
her baby who has just been born
so probably a mom when she
is in the early days of the
birth of her baby she is protected
because winnicott had described
calls the maternal preoccupation
primary ie basically the fact
that all the mom's attention is
attracted to this story of
to take an interest in his baby because he
goes from its survival but often when one
talk about it we talk about survival
physiological give the breast of neil
will live caring for him in a way to
what they can sleep to be well
in shape
but are we paying enough attention to
the psychic part of the attention
must bring within the framework of the
primary maternal concern when
we are a mother to her baby and I believe
that on this plane there is no
doubt a much larger effect
we want to recognize him
today